{\rtf1\ansi\deff1\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fprq0\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\fswiss\fprq0\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f4\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 MS Mincho;}{\f5\fnil\fprq0\fcharset0 Tahoma;}{\f6\fswiss\fprq0\fcharset0 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033\snext1 Normal;}
{\s2\sb240\sa120\keepn\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af2\afs28\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af4\langfe1033\hich\f2\fs28\lang1033\loch\f2\fs28\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext3 Heading;}
{\s3\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext3 Body Text;}
{\s4\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033\sbasedon3\snext4 List;}
{\s5\sb120\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af5\afs24\lang255\ai\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\i\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033\i\sbasedon1\snext5 caption;}
{\s6\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033\sbasedon1\snext6 Index;}
{\s7\sb120\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af6\afs24\lang255\ai\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\i\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033\i\sbasedon1\snext7 caption;}
{\s8\sb120\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang255\ai\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\i\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033\i\sbasedon1\snext8 WW-caption;}
{\s9\sb120\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang255\ai\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\i\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033\i\sbasedon1\snext9 WW-caption1;}
{\s10\sb120\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang255\ai\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\i\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033\i\sbasedon1\snext10 WW-caption11;}
{\s11\sb120\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang255\ai\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\i\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033\i\sbasedon1\snext11 WW-caption111;}
{\s12\sb120\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang255\ai\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\i\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033\i\sbasedon1\snext12 WW-caption1111;}
}
{\info{\creatim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\revtim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\comment StarWriter}{\vern3100}}\deftab720
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse195\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1800\margrsxn1800\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1440\pgdscnxt0 Standard;}}
{\*\pgdscno0}\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\sectd\sbknone\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1800\margrsxn1800\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1440\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
\pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\fs20\lang1033\loch\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs20\lang1033\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 The Necromancer}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs20\lang1033\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 "A youth trained in the arts of necromancy.  Dedicated to using his dark arts towards good ends.  A bit reckless at times."}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs20\lang1033\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 The Necromancer represents several counter-stereotypes relative to the typical view of necromancers.  Despite the "evil" connotations associated with the brand of magic, he has only good intentions behind its use.  He is neither a villain nor an anti-hero,
 but a truly benevolent figure.  In addition, he also does not create, summon, raise, or use any form of undead at all, instead resorting only to magics relating to the manipulation of life energy.  This is not meant as a personal choice of a character, bu
t rather an aspect of the setting to reflect the implausibility and impracticality of raising skeletons so easily from nothing, as occurs in most settings.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs20\lang1033\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 The character is very tough and represents the \'93tank\'94 archetype in combat.  This resilience is a virtue merely of his impressive willpower alone, being reckless and somewhat self-sacrificial in nature.  His ability to easily heal himself in combat is openl
y acknowledged by him and is partially to blame for this personality trait, allowing him to accept grievous wounds with the knowledge that he can simply erase them a few moments later.  His special ability is based on this, allowing him to survive for a sh
ort time after he has lost all of his HP, and giving him the capacity to undo even potentially fatal wounds.  The character also fills a minor role as a \'93healer\'94 archetype, with later spells being able to trade HP between characters on the field.  His dama
ge potential is relatively low, but his offensive spells are energy efficient.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs20\lang1033\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs20\lang1033\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 {\*\bkmkstart DDE_LINK}The Barrier Mage}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs20\lang1033\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 "An expert of shielding and barrier magic.  A bodyguard under the employ of The Academy who is very protective of both himself and others."}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs20\lang1033\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 The Barrier Mage is a primarily defensive character, both in combat role and in personality.  Normally a traveling guard-for-hire, he is cautious and dedicated to the safety of those under his protection.  He is an alert wilderness traveler as well as a sk
illed strategist, qualities that allow him to escape conflict or outsmart foes through purely defensive means and precautions.  He is a quiet individual who speaks rarely, and has a mild, thoughtful tone when he does so.  Although he is a kind and caring p
erson, he rarely expresses this side of his personality, especially to those he serves.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs20\lang1033\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 In combat, the barrier mage represents the \'93tank\'94 archetype, as well as the \'93buffer\'94 archetype.  He has excellent defensive capacity, both in terms of his personal stats as well as the special effects of his various spells.  As expected, his primary role i
s to increase the defensive capabilities of his team through several types of boosts.  He is also capable of manipulating the battlefield terrain, causing persistent barrier obstacles on the map to block or funnel enemy movement.  His special ability is si
tuational, allowing his attacks to ignore barriers placed on enemies and giving him an offensive role in some circumstances.  Ordinarily, however, he has the lowest potential to do damage when compared to any of the other characters.{\*\bkmkend DDE_LINK}}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs20\lang1033\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs20\lang1033\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 The Blazer}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs20\lang1033\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 "A hot-tempered martial artist whose punches and kicks are backed by her explosive magical power.  Fiercely aggressive and competitive."}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs20\lang1033\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 The Blazer is a fiery character who blunt and aggressive, both in discussions and on the battlefield.  She constantly strives to \'93prove herself\'94, though the exact nature of what she tries to prove is not entirely thought out by her, causing her to give off
 the impression of being rebellious without a cause.  The drive behind this competitiveness stems from the criticism that her contemplative masters often gave her regarding her temper, explaining that the style of magic they used required great discipline 
and focus.  Not being one to admit her own faults, she attempted to train through this handicap instead of controlling her anger, to only perpetually frustrating degrees.  Eventually abandoning the teachings of her masters, she set off to prove that she co
uld be perfectly effective while doing things her own way.  Being voluntarily reduced to little more than a poor wanderer, she travels about on a perpetual quest with no understanding of the actual goal she seeks.  As she proceeds onward, her pride and imp
ulsiveness lead to many rough conversations and nearly as many violent exchanges in the streets of the various towns that scatter the countryside. }
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs20\lang1033\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 She begins with relatively weak stats, essentially being a failure of a true focus-based martial artist.  As she grows, however, it becomes clear that her methods do have merit, and she becomes a powerful offensive close-ranged character who combines Rage 
and Focus energy types.  She also has excellent mobility and speed, and excellent control over the enemies in her immediate vicinity.  Descriptively, her style of attacks involve close-range bursts of energy projected from her punches and kicks, appearing 
quite beautiful to behold but painful and destructive to the touch.  Because of the nature of her attacks, being part physical hand-to-hand and part incinerating energy blasts, some of her attacks have the ability to target the lower of the enemy's two def
ensive stats.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs20\lang1033\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs20\lang1033\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 The Transmuter}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs20\lang1033\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 "A strange man capable of altering the physical forms of living creatures.  Feels no guilt in manipulating the bodies of fellow human beings."}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs20\lang1033\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 The Transmuter can be described as a true opportunist, and specifically one with few moral restrictions behind his actions.  Essentially a thug who lives by getting away with what he knows he can get away with, he far from brutish or short-sighted.  His ab
ilities include the ability to alter the physical forms of living creatures, drastically transforming them into other animals, monsters, grotesque abominations, or even small but humiliating changes.  Through this magical \'93muscle\'94 and cruel psychological w
arfare tactics, he easily makes a comfortable living and then some.  With something of a sadistic streak as well, he is not above permanently transforming people, or even torturing them through transformative means, merely for his own amusement.  He is und
oubtedly a cruel person, and speaks in an unsettlingly calm and intellectual manner that seems to chill with its own aura of malevolence.  Most of the time, however, he is content to leave others be, and to enjoy the pleasure-filled life his crimes allow h
im to live, a position he is in at the start of the story.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs20\lang1033\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 In combat, the Transmuter makes no effort to hide his cruelty.  His primary ability allows him to cause excruciating pain to a target by performing an intentionally flawed transformation upon them, messing with their body internally and breaking their ment
al strength.  Use of this ability allows him to lower the Willpower, or Magical Defense stat, of a single target while potentially keeping them stunned.  The remainder of his powers are actual transformations that are resisted by this stat, and can result 
in powerful effects such as instantly defeating an enemy regardless of health (by turning them to stone) or even turning them into a ravenous beast that attacks their former allies.  Although these abilities are extremely powerful, they are limited by thei
r extremely short range, which is melee range for most, and their inability to effect more than one target at once.  Combined with the fact that the Transmuter's defensive stats are very poor, this means that he is only effective on the front lines and onl
y against a single enemy at once, whom he can perpetually stun.  Further enemies mean trouble, however, since he is remarkably squishy for a melee fighter.  Using the character properly requires very deliberate hit-and-run tactics, and offers a high risk-v
s-reward system.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs20\lang1033\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs20\lang1033\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 The Centaur Shaman}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs20\lang1033\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 "The spiritual leader of a centaur tribe who maintains a tough and solemn exterior.  Patient and wise, but untrusting of human civilization."}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs20\lang1033\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 The leader of a nomadic and naturalistic culture, the Shaman is an authority figure that gives an air of respect to humans and centaurs alike.  Though not old by the standards of either race, he is wise and thoughtful, as well as a natural-born leader.  Hi
s chief concerns lie with the safety and well-being of his tribe, and do not generally extend into the realm of human affairs.  While a caring individual, he is nonetheless suspicious and prejudging of all strangers, and especially of civilized humans.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs20\lang1033\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 The Centaur Shaman fills the combat archetype of \'93Healer\'94, and has the most powerful and direct healing abilities of any character.  He also has the fastest movement rate over flat terrain, giving him the impressive mobility needed to be the primary healer
.  His physical offense starts relatively high but has almost no growth, representing the natural strength of his race that he is gifted with but does not continue to improve over time.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs20\lang1033\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs20\lang1033\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 The Summoner}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs20\lang1033\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 "A deceiving individual who enlists the aid of all forms of creatures, both good and evil.  Believes in the philosophy, 'The end justifies the means.' "}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs20\lang1033\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 The Summoner is a traveling knowledge-seeker with more than a small thirst for arcane power.  Not concerned upon the means through which he acquires it, he has enlisted the aid of a extremely unlikely combination of creatures and has no issue with adapting
 knowledge from many cultures and styles.  There are many different types of creatures that can be summoned in the world, and this type usually speaks for the motives and philosophy of the summoner; evil or greedy summoners may make deals with demons, bene
volent ones form a friendship with the fae, or scholarly ones enlist the aid of the neutral, mindless elementals.  Not content with making such a choice, The Summoner does all of the above, deceptively masking his intentions and acting cruel or kind as nec
essary to fool those who serve him.  His true concerns only involve the continued increase in power that his summoning ability grants him, and so there is no discernible end to the charade he plays.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs20\lang1033\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 In battle, the summoner is an indirect, versatile combatant.  While having sub-part stats overall, he is able to call additional allied creatures to the field that specialize in various areas depending on present needs, including units powerful in offensiv
e, defense, mobility, healing, or support.  His imp summoning ability allows him to spawn multiple weak units for the advantage of territorial control, while his earth elemental provides an incredibly tough protector with the hardness of a literal wall.  T
he Summoner's special ability allows him to receive all of the mana replenishment rewarded to his summoned creatures with additional bonus mana added as well.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs20\lang1033\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs20\lang1033\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 The Seer}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs20\lang1033\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 "A young girl gifted with supernatural foresight and skilled in marksmanship.  Intentionally follows a policy of neutrality that conflicts with her kind heart."}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs20\lang1033\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 The Seer is a young, kind-hearted girl capable of viewing the future and seeing the truth through illusion and deceit.  Trained by a wise mentor with similar gifts, she has been taught to follow a strict philosophy of non-interference when dealing with her
 future foresight.  Before the beginning of the story, she had little opportunity or reason to question this policy, and yet it assuredly conflicts with her genuinely helpful and selfless nature.  Being the youngest and least experienced of the group in ad
dition to this, she tends to outwardly show much na\'efve innocence that conflicts with the violent situations she finds herself involved in.  The knowledge she gleams from her visions give her a perpetually optimistic attitude, and it fuels her belief that t
here is always a chance to change things for the better.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs20\lang1033\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 The Seer is a practiced archer, which makes use of her foresight abilities.  Her powers of prediction give her exceptionally good chances of scoring hits, represented by the highest amount of skill of any character.  She fits into the \'93Striker\'94 archetype, 
delivering precise ranged attacks and leaning more heavily toward offense than defense.  She also fits the \'93Support\'94 role, having various effects of positive and negative nature that can be placed over large areas.  A notable ability she possesses allows h
er to reveal hidden or invisible units, as well as delivering a punishing blow to them at the same time, making her a very strong counter to units with such a power.  Her special ability allows for more efficient mana regeneration, rounding off her undenia
ble reliability.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs20\lang1033\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs20\lang1033\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 The Order Wizard}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs20\lang1033\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 "A studious young woman dedicated to academic magical learning.  One of many members of The Academy, a group she holds firm belief in."}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs20\lang1033\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 A wizard of the most typical variety, the Order Wizard is a studious apprentice of an academical form of arcane magic, literally a student of an academy in fact.  Taught to be logical and methodical, she is outwardly both intellectual as well as close-mind
ed to most topics.  She has firmly rooted belief in academy that taught her everything she knows, which inevitably becomes the main antagonist group of the story and forces her philosophy in to question.  She can be incredibly stubborn, just as much so as 
the Blazer, but she curbs her arguments with wit rather than hot-headed anger.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs20\lang1033\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 In combat, she acts as the typical \'93Magical Damage-Dealer\'94 archetype, a spellcaster cliche that is intentionally scarce among the group considering that every character is some form of magic user.  She possesses a multitude of heavy-damage abilities with a
 variety of ranges, areas-of-effect, and elemental properties.  Her special ability grants her a high chance to not damage allied enemies that are within the areas effected by her attacks, which is normally not the case for AOE attacks.  As expected of the
 stereotype, she has high offensive power with little defensive capacity with which to protect herself with, and thus relies on other characters to block hostile enemies.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs24\lang1033\loch\f1\fs24\lang1033 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ql\rtlch\af1\afs20\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af1\langfe1033\hich\f1\fs20\lang1033\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f1\fs20\lang1033\i0\b0 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------}
\par }